{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2\fcharset0 OCR A Extended;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qc\ul\f0\fs22 Frontier\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\ulnone Approach vector stabilized, beginning decent\'85  \f1 The NAV. computer read out as his craft drooped slowly toward the planet. \par
Terraforming operations had rendered the ball of rock a veritable forest with pine trees lacing the mountain ranges and fields of adaptable grasses coating the landscape.\par
Ryker Larak, an Outrider of the Frontiers Corp. was on a regular relay repair mission to the planet Myer in one of the \lquote badlands\rquote . A region fairly sparse in people except of course for the installations which dot the settled worlds of Cappela Alpha region of ____.\par
The assignment was to repair or replace part of a relay tower connecting with other worlds and automating the monitoring systems of the way station planet side. Each colonized world had a bunker complex built in case of natural disaster, attack or planet wide failure. Eventually the colonization efforts ran into hiccups along the way and being stuck so far out there was not a good idea. This one had relatively few people on it and even fewer machines. Only an atmosphere system and some monitoring stations remained. The planets remote location made it hard to travel to, off the beaten path of most starfareing vessels. Low mineral deposits made it unsuitable for mining also. Although, you may never know what you find out here; that\rquote s what Ryker learned over his tenure as a Frontiersman. The universe is a large place. Colonized space is tiny in comparison to it all and useful worlds in short supply. After 2287, the colonization sput wore off and a lot of planets sat dormant their goal of livability surpassed and yet few people wanted to live out there. Which is where Ryker came in, doing dangerous jobs in dangerous places usually paid well and he loved the adventure. It\rquote s still exploration, even if you\rquote re the only new one here. He loved his job but it had its draw back, loneliness, isolation and deadliness of it all made it mentally technically and mortally treacherous to go out here alone.  His shipboard AI and navy computer \lquote Zero\rquote  since it was his first and only AI kept him company, and hyper sleep slowed metabolic processes to survive the journey, if it got too long. He had spent the last few days cooped up in his ship; sleeping, eating, reading, whatever to keep his mind awake. It was a straight perpendicular jump from system to another to find this place. Aside from some risky jumps to make it by an asteroid field blocking the route, the trip had been uneventful\'85\par
His ship began its decent with graceful wisps of fire flaring around the hull. Its cargo rack holding Ryker\rquote s land-side bipedal transport, a \ldblquote Strider\rdblquote  class mech. It hung off of the aft section between the engine nasals of the ship; folded neatly in a tight \lquote box\rquote , if you could call it that. He also kept a land-speeder bike attached to the cargo bay walls, in case he needed it. His craft swooped delicately through the atmosphere trying to find the optimal path for decent. Zero had been inactive. Letting the ships computer navigate the simple landing Op. \par
Verdant fields swelled before him, outlined in pine trees settled here by the planets first colonizers. They were of the _____ variety and stood well against the planets temperate/subtropical weather.\par
They began decent to landing altitude making a gentle pass through a valley field; engines wurring down as the craft levitated overhead, blowing wisping clouds of air and dust all around.\par
\ldblquote The station is in a clearing between those craegs up ahead, i can\rquote t put her down any closer\rdblquote  Zero informed him.\par
\ldblquote Unless you prefer using your jump-pack that is\rdblquote  referring to Ryker\rquote s atmospheric/extraterrestrial thruster unit he had hanging in the charger rack on the ships bulkhead.\par
\ldblquote No thanks, I think ill walk.\rdblquote\par
The mech\rquote  unit detached itself from the hull of the ship and landed with a thud on the grassy field below.\par
Zero maneuvered the ship nearby and opened the hatch above the mech\rquote s open hatch. \par
\ldblquote You\rquote re going to make me jump?\rdblquote  Ryker asked.\par
\ldblquote Yeah you could use some exercise. Your calorie burn rate has been decreasing.\rdblquote  Zero teased.\par
AI\rquote s, like humans, developed personalities as they grew-up Zero had his own.\par
\ldblquote I get enough excitement as it is.\rdblquote\par
Ryker hopped off the ship and landed next to the dorsal hatch on the mech, he climbed in and booted up the mech.\par
The navigational instruments lit up as the machine came online. \par
He noticed the highlighted coordinates of the way station relay ahead of him and began the short walk to the installation. Gravel crunched under the mech\rquote s feet as he strode at 30kph toward his target up a winding, rocky path.\par
The building rose to meet him atop a bluff which overlooked a small stream in the mountains.\par
Zero was right to warn him, the mountainside was near the base and its Comm tower was a good 40-something feet in the air to receive the signals it needed to without interference.\par
He had two objectives for this mission. Replace a fried relay amplifier in the installation and find the missing repair drone which had gone offline some time earlier. The base should have been maintained by a lonely repair-bot stationed at each facility. They had refit/repair stations which kept them operational for decades to come; but this one had happened to fail somewhat recently. It left no explanation, other than a last known signal location marked on his map. So Ryker had two goals and a few days to complete them before being expected back at his home facility. It was a standard operation, the frontiers Corps was often asked to repair some satellite or way station on backwater worlds throughout the galaxy. Yet this seemed off. The repair-bot had not been needed to go out that far from the station, even if it were a stones\rquote  throw away. It simply when offline near there without any sign of trouble or so it appeared from the relay data sent to him.\par
He walked over to the station and started searching for the access panel located outside the observation post. His visor noted that it was on top of the outpost near the relay tower. After powering up the jump-pack on his back, he thumbed the trigger attached to his gauntlet and made a swift leap in the air. Touching down softly, he found his footing on the flat roof of the building and made his way to the junction box which powered the relay tower; his HUD highlighting it in green. Zero flew overhead kicking up dust around him\par
Ryker reached into his hip pocket and pulled out a plasma cutter and a matter-melder welding tool. It functioned much like an arc welder but used for welding all kinds of material with less excess heat and fire. Setting them on the deck he fumbled about to retrieve the relay replacement and set to work removing the old one to put in the new part. It took a little less than an hour to remove the old part carefully. The cutting torch was set on low to not fuse the junction circuits around the device. It looked like the old component was burned or melted, it defiantly was damaged yet it alone showed any signs of wear. The equipment was made to last decades and this had lasted half its actual life span.\par
He then started working on replacing it with a new part while talking to Zero over the Comms line. \par
He spoke over the Comm, \ldblquote Hey, Zero, you see this? The old relay piece I mean. What do you think got it?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, you will have to take it back to me to scan in the lab. I can\rquote t tell from here. Video feed isn\rquote t going to be enough to diagnose. I set her down in a field about a Klick away from you. Didn\rquote t want to keep burning the engines\par
\ldblquote Ok\rdblquote  Ryker replied, glancing over to the mini-map inside his helmet which highlighted the location. \par
After fitting the new component into the relay antenna he stepped back and radioed Zero again.\par
\ldblquote Okay, I\rquote m finished, start going through the repair diagnostics Zero. You have the access codes right?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As if I\rquote d pilot us all the way out here and forget the login\'85.\rdblquote  Zero shot back.\par
\ldblquote Hey you might.\rdblquote  Ryker prodded.\par
\ldblquote Machines don\rquote t make mistakes like humans.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Your neural net is based off of human brain systems, so yeah, you can.\rdblquote  Ryker Jeered. \ldblquote Besides, I\rquote m going to go find that drone now. You said it wasn\rquote t far?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah it\rquote s down in that creek bed. At least, that\rquote s what the data said.\rdblquote  Zero pinged the location on his visor as Ryker hopped down from the room and started walking. It wasn\rquote t far enough to justify using the walker again. It really was a beautiful place. This little outpost nestled in the mountains. The trees may have been pines but he couldn\rquote t help but think how beautiful this world would have been in autumn; or its version of autumn. The cliffs rose up around him and the stream played its constant lapping melody of soft water over cool stones.\par
He reached an outcropping and looked down at the repair bot, stuck \lquote face down\rquote  in the stream.\par
\ldblquote Little guy must have fallen off this rock.\rdblquote  Zero radioed in, watching the whole thing through the Comm line.\par
\ldblquote He\rdblquote  Ryker Jeered \ldblquote must have come out here for some reason. And how do you know it isn\rquote t a She.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I just know these things\rdblquote  Zero said playing along. \ldblquote Machine knowledge stuff.\rdblquote\par
Ryker climbed down to the droid and dragged it over to the bank of the stream. He then brushed off the mud on it and found the access port to the bot\rquote s computer system. Ryker pulled out a small device and plugged it into the port. The remote access device allowed Ryker\rquote s personal computer network to interface with the droid and allowed Zero to run diagnostics on it. \par
\ldblquote You connected?\rdblquote  Ryker called out.\par
\ldblquote Yes, one moment\'85 it seems fine. Wait.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Wait?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I am picking up some software that\rquote s just been activated. It\rquote s trying to access the ship. Isolating now. Looks like a virus.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That explains it.\rdblquote  Ryker replied.\par
He started checking the droid for damage. It was apparently limited to damages caused by falling-face-first-into-a-stream. \par
Zero kept cycling through the diagnostics as Ryker fiddled with the robot. \par
After a few minutes Zero broke in. \par
\ldblquote Uh, This isn\rquote t a normal malfunction, I am saving this for later. Maybe there is something going through the net we need to know about. Ill alert Fleet-Com when we are in range.\par
\ldblquote Alright\rdblquote  Ryker replied.\par
A storm brewed in the distance. As part of the blessings of human colonization, came curses it seemed. \par
Thunder rumbled softly in the distance as Ryker looked up to scan the horizon. He saw a small ETA readout which let him know the storm was approaching under an hour from now. \par
\ldblquote We had better get moving.\rdblquote\par
Ryker walked the now operational drone to the station and docked it. Manually overriding the system he instructed it to do a full diagnostic, virus scan and system restore on the drone. It was tucked safely away from the storm in its little cubical, purring away as the computer tinkered with it.\par
He walked outside as the blast shutters began to close. A small scanner terminal outside allowed for general human access in the event of an emergency. Ryker walked back to his strider and climbed aboard. Zero highlighted terrain where he could be picked up and he followed suit. \par
The mech\rquote  powered on and strode with a brisk but calm pace back to the LZ where the ship was landed. Ryker parked the mech, got out, and proceeded to the ship as his robotic vehicle crouched low and folded itself inward to a more transportable size. Zero powered up the thrusters as the rain began and docked the walker onto the ships back between the engine nacelles. They finally set off and logged the expedition as a success as they cruised past the storm into low orbit.\par
\ldblquote Zero, process the report, transmit it once we are near enough.\rdblquote\par
The blue receded to black as they left the atmosphere of the planet. Small tails of fire flickered about on the flight surfaces of the ship. Stars grew brighter, uninhibited by the haze of oxygen, Nitrogen and Carbon Dioxide which normally accompanies life. Cold, beautiful space rose before their eyes.\par
\ldblquote Never get tired of it.\rdblquote , Ryker said with a sign. \par
\ldblquote You know, even I can see why.\rdblquote  Zero agreed. \par
\ldblquote God makes great things.\rdblquote  Ryker said.\par
The ship banked gracefully to put them into orbit. Their destination on the opposite side of the planet; and a few hundred light-years away. The ships NAV computer plotted out a course. The distant starts hung in the deep would be their guideposts home.\par
He spotted three glints in the darkening sky. They moved gracefully but quicker than most of the stars around them; even as the ship pitched forward through its orbit.\par
They looked almost, like ships, out here in nowhere.\par
Just then, the ships astro-tracking system went off. The three blips appeared with readouts of their headings and speeds; and they were accelerating.\par
\ldblquote What took you so long?\rdblquote  Ryker mumbled under his breath. \par
\ldblquote They haven dampening shells on their ships. Sensors didn\rquote t detect them until now.\rdblquote  Zero responded.\par
\ldblquote Pirates then.\rdblquote  Ryker nodded. \par
At that moment the HUD lit up read as Zero armed the weapons. \ldblquote They already have a bead on us, sir. Active scans show high heat signatures; must be plasma weapons warming up.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote They made their intentions clear\'85. Hail them just in case maybe we can talk.\rdblquote  Ryker said, his forehead beginning to bead with sweat. Three against one was not good odds, even for an experienced Outrider like himself.\par
\ldblquote Sending ID tag\'85. No response, no handshake-protocol signals. They are aligning approach vectors with us.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Hold your fire. Disengage the strider, leave it in mid-orbit for pickup. We need to lose the extra mass.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote Collision course achieved, they are coming right at us and fast.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hold your fire Zero.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Call the ball sir, what do you want to do?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Play chicken\rdblquote\par
Zero didn\rquote t respond, only a set of text scrolled out across the HUD, It read\par
\ldblquote <Predictive evasion algorithm online, calculating\'85. \par
Course plotted,\par
 Ready to engage.>\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote At least you follow orders.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote When don\rquote t I?\rdblquote  Zero responded.\par
\ldblquote I expect more complaining, usually.\rdblquote\par
The ship plotted out multiple vectors of approach, however none could actually predict what could happen, it depended upon the captain of each vessel not to want to be in the exact same space at the exact same time. That was quite difficult really considering the speeds they were each going and that these pirates seemed to want the skies all to themselves. Neither of the ships fired both had weapons drawn; they all sped forward. The distance was swiftly falling, approaching null. He couldn\rquote t hear the collision sirens anymore. The skin on Ryker\rquote s forehead stung with stress and beading sweat. Until, finally, with a jerk of the control stick, he pitched sideways. At speeds nearing what would have been near supersonic, they passed each other. If Ryker\rquote s reflexes were faster and his eyes could process the event. He would have seen the black visor of the rival pilot staring back at him through their apposing canopies. \par
They came within feet of each other, as Zero would have gladly reminded him; if they had time to banter.\par
\ldblquote The other two ships are drones, sir. I am picking up encrypted transmissions between the three. He is holding them off\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote -Like dogs on a leash.\rdblquote  Ryker sneered. \par
Their ships banked gently about in a 50 kilometer wide radius towards each other; like two sides of the same deadly circle. \par
Then suddenly, the two drone escorts broke off, cutting sharply in Ryker\rquote s direction; they could pull take levels of G-force impossible for humans.\par
The two craft immediately began firing on Ryker while their command vessel watched from afar. Hot flashes of iridescent plasma lit up the night sky. Ryker pitched the nose of his ship toward them to minimize his ship profile and throttled the engines in a sweeping arc toward his assailants. The bolts missed at first, miscalculated based on his original trajectory, but as they kept firing the shots found home in his ships shield array. Vermilion and sapphire shades danced about as the plasma bolts deflected off his ships energy field. \par
\ldblquote Shields at 75%\rdblquote  Zero warned him. \par
Ryker ducked to the side, attempting to block the sight line of one drone with the other. In space there was often little cover to be had in the vast expanse of dust and void.\par
The backmost ship stopped firing, assuming it was in danger of hitting its companion. \par
Ryker waited until they were within a few hundred meters before firing his twin rotary cannons onto the attacking craft. Sparks danced across the hull of the first drone as it was bombarded with magnetically accelerated tungsten-steel projectiles. Ryker pulled up as he pushed the throttle to max, as he passed his attackers. The drones cut thrusters and spun about, preparing to follow. The weaker one sputtered, obviously wounded from Ryker\rquote s first barrage.\par
 He had no time to deal with them, as he knew that taking down the command craft would make the drones easier to dispatch. \par
Streams of jet-wash made him an easy target, but like an hunter\rquote s bullet, he flew swiftly at his foe. \par
\ldblquote Zero, Hail them, let\rquote s see if they take diplomacy now.\rdblquote  Ryker ordered his copilot.\par
\ldblquote Ready when you are, sir.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote This is Outrider Captain Ryker of the Frontier corp. ship-\ldblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote The void is big, the void is wide and in the void, your corpse we shall hide\'85\rdblquote  [Transmission terminated]\par
\ldblquote Ah, traditional space pirate dirge\'85 How inviting.\rdblquote  Zero said. \par
\ldblquote Well, only one thing left, hate to do this\'85\rdblquote\par
Plasma shot out as glowing flickers in the distance, each traveling hundreds of kilometers per second at Ryker\rquote s ship. \par
Ryker hesitated for a split second, yet he gripped the trigger of his flight-stick and laid into the pirate a volley of mag-accelerated slugs. He flicked the foot pedals to rotate the ship on its edge, narrowly avoiding most of the plasma-fire. \par
Sparks danced off the shields of the pirate as Ryker\rquote s shots found home on the enemy vessel. His foe backed off as he saw his plasma fly past Ryker and bounce off his own drones; which flew close behind. The weaker drone, damaged form Ryker\rquote s first volley and unable to evade the shots, spewed forth hot reactor-fuel as it burst into flames. The plasma cut right through its hull into the sensitive components which left only a mass of burning, melted armor and scrap.\par
\ldblquote Odd, these pirates don\rquote t shield their drones, as a pilot A.I. I just find that inconsiderate.\rdblquote  Zero joked, trying to abate the obvious tension Ryker was under as they swung about for the next assault.\par
\ldblquote Maybe you should tell them that.\rdblquote  Ryker shot back annoyed more than comforted.\par
The pirates banked much quicker than Ryker, outrider vessels were designed for long distance and reliability not agility. Pirates, on the other hand, were designed for speed and power. They were the sharks of the skies, hunting prey where they could find it. Which explained the damaged array as far as Ryker was concerned. \par
Hot plasma streaked by once more, Ryker pitched about as fast as he could and used the rear thrusters to adjust his path avoiding most of the projectiles. Despite his efforts, they still struck home. \par
\ldblquote Shields at 25%, sir.\rdblquote  Zero reported. \par
\ldblquote We are losing faster than they are Z.\rdblquote  Ryker bemoaned, even with one ship down, the attrition rate simply didn\rquote t come out in their favor. One outrider against two pirates, even with damaged ships, was still not a happy thought to most pilots.\par
Ryker shot back one more cluster of mag-rounds before turning and punching afterburners out of there before they returned fire. \par
He clenched his fists, cracking his already-white knuckles before returning them to the control yoke and breathing a sigh.\par
\ldblquote How are we going to get out of this one?\rdblquote  Ryker asked rhetorically.   \par
Then, like the breaking dawn of salvation, it hit him. \par
\ldblquote Zero, plot us a slingshot route as close to the planet as possible, low over the horizon.\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote How low?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote As low as we can get and not lose shields from wind resistance. I have an idea.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Plotted, care to fill me in, I am the NAV computer anyway.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Can you get remote access to the strider before we lose contact with it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Yeah, done.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Tell it to target the pirates, AFTER, we loop the planet.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I like where this is going, I\rquote m way ahead of you.\rdblquote\par
Ryker punched the thrusters once more and streaked toward the course Zero plotted. It shown like a neon race track lighting up his HUD. \par
Haze clouded his view of the stars as his ship sped through the upper atmosphere.\par
The pirate ships followed in close and above, taking advantage of the lesser air friction in the most remote areas of the exosphere. They were weary that Ryker would duck down and lose them in the clouds below. He held fast not attempting to evade just running straight ahead at maximum throttle. \par
The sun set behind him as the ship passed into the shadow of the planet. Warning claxons wailed as the pirates fired upon Ryker once again. He dodged left and right banking about to avoid the shots. And continued heading straight for the turning horizon. \par
He ducked down through the atmosphere to cut a shorter path through it. His ship glowed bright with thin burning air coating the outer hull of his ship as it sped through with supersonic speeds.\par
Dawn broke again as Ryker passed through to the other side of the planet. He pulled up and out into low orbit as the pirates followed him firing another round of shots which glanced off of what was left of his shields. \par
\ldblquote Shields failing, at 5% sir.\rdblquote  Zero reported. \par
\ldblquote That\rquote s enough\'85\rdblquote  Ryker said. \ldblquote it has to be.\rdblquote\par
Lock on warnings blared as Ryker yanked over on the control yoke one last time, banking as fast as he could stand without blacking out. \par
He spun about just in time for the pirates to come in range of the strider which was adrift in orbit. His ship\rquote s silhouette covered the strider from the pirate\rquote s sensors long enough for it to line up a shot. \par
\ldblquote Now!\rdblquote  Ryker shouted into his helmet mic.\par
A red-hot beam of light shot forth from strider, hitting the pirate\rquote s drone ship across its dorsal side; melting both armor and circuits.  \par
The lead vessel banked to the side, hoping to evade. Lasers lit up its shields as well. Ryker turned about, firing mag rounds into its hull. The combined fire demolished what armor it had left. Ryker stopped just short of destroying the vessel. \par
\ldblquote Shall I destroy them sir?\rdblquote  Zero asked, targeting the vessel with Ryker\rquote s strider.\par
\ldblquote No,..\rdblquote  Ryker gasped for breath, his heart raced and his vision was narrowed down to a spotlight, all he could see was his prey, but he held off. Memories of the past battles crept back on him. Yet, he relented, knowing the code of the Frontier Corp. not to destroy humanity, but \lquote for its prosperity\rquote , as the motto went.\par
\ldblquote Hail them again\rdblquote , Ryker gasped, taking his hands off the control stick; flexing his shaking hands open and closed to loosen them once again.\par
\ldblquote Hailing\rdblquote  Zero responded; his cool tone only achievable by a machine in times like this.\par
Static blared over the speakers, and then\'85.\par
\ldblquote You think you will gloat over me corper?\rdblquote\par
And explosion bloomed outward from the vessel, self-destruct sequence terminated the craft in flaming glory.   \par
\ldblquote Void before verdict\'85 the pirate\rquote s creed.\rdblquote  Ryker said to himself.\par
\ldblquote I will log the encounter, sir.\rdblquote  Zero replied, vectoring the craft towards the remains of the pirate ship.\par
  \ldblquote Scan the wreckage Zero\rdblquote  see if we can make out anything.\par
\ldblquote Already started.\rdblquote  Zero responded. \par
As the data shown upon the screens in front of him, Zero started running more and more intense scans of the space hulk. \ldblquote Something\rquote s not right.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  Ryker replied.\par
\ldblquote This ship isn\rquote t able to maintain a human pilot for long periods of time. It\rquote s a strike vessel, not a nomad or a journey-ship.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Well then he must have been hunting..\rdblquote   \par
\ldblquote No that\rquote s it, his FTL drive isn\rquote t capable of going much further than 1.5c and its not giving off the radiation associated with an over-clocked FTL drive.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Which means\'85\rdblquote  Ryker studdered, slowly realizing what Zero suggested. \par
\ldblquote It means he isn\rquote t from another system. He launched from this system. He likely has a base near here\'85 and he also probably wasn\rquote t alone\'85\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote That makes no sense, why set a trap on a barely-used, pre-colony world?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Maybe  he wasn\rquote t intending on making us prey, what if\'85?- We need to get out of here.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote I\rquote ll explain later don\rquote t do anything, I\rquote m scanning the wreckage and filing it under my report. We will leave and act like nothing is wrong. - I think we are being watched.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Understood\rdblquote  Ryker replied, for once Zero was acting like the captain and he didn\rquote t mind, the AI has a snarky attitude most of the time; but this was serious. Dead serious.\rdblquote\par
Zero disarmed the weapons and stopped scanning, making sure to maintain composer and resisting his desire to do long range sweeps, in hopes of leaving as if nothing was wrong.\par
\ldblquote Our best bet is to get out of here before they know I\rquote m on to them.\rdblquote  Zero whispered into Ryker\rquote s helmet set.\par
\ldblquote Would you mind filling me in then?\rdblquote  \par
\ldblquote We have a long journey ahead to explain everything, but I need to get us in contact with command ASAP.\par
The vessel moved about to collect the walker and, once attached, began orienting itself away from the planet. Zero plotted a course and, as fast as the FTL would come online without being rushed, jumped out of system.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\lang9\par
}
 